The Joe Rogan experience. You saw this trader Joe's story.
You were telling me earlier while to trader Joe's. It's called trader Joe's.
Right? Which is not racist, I guess. But apparently they,
they have Mexican products that they were calling trader Jose's and
some bored person in their basement decided to create a petition that got signed
by some 2,400 other board people about why it shouldn't be called trader Jose's
because that's racist. So apparently it's cultural appropriation.
If you're trader Joe's and you make a burrito,
but if you call a trader Jose's then that's,
I think they called it exoticizing Mexican people. Yeah.
It's making them exotic and other, so trader Joe's pulled it down.
Trader Joe's is gonna, is gonna knock. You use this anymore.
17 year old called out a 17 year old.
Called out trader Joe's. Now the chain is dropping offensive. Labeling.
Jose, like how many Hispanics were,
were picketing outside trader Joe's being odd.
Now that I saw that trader Jose beer.
Right? Alyssa I'm Italian. Do you think Papa Gino's? Is that really? You know,
I mean, is that really a, an Italian who made that company? Like how many,
how many different,
like different pizza companies and all these not
by Italian.
Got it.
I'd love to see the racial breakdown of the people who signed this petition.
I would bet 90% of them are white. 90%, right? White.
Live in the suburbs. Hate their parents. Yeah.
What did you say? What was the word they use for.
It? Exoticized exoticized said, oh my God. That is so adorable.
Exoticizing. I was talking to you about, um, Rick Bayless.
Who's a famous chef of Mexican cuisine who is a white man
who adores Mexican food. I mean, I love the guy.
I love listening to his videos. I love Mexican food.
So watching this guy's videos, it's like,
I love someone who's really into something. You know, I just,
I get a kick out of even there's a guy I used to watch on PBS that would make
furniture with, um, ancient tools. Like you'd use like,
like ancient, like, um, uh, different old time.
He saw us and chisels and,
and he would make these wooden chairs and tables and furniture.
This is called the Amish, right? I mean, but he kind of looked like that,
but he was, he was really dressed like an old timey guy.
And he had this old timey shop and he would make this stuff and I loved watching
him and I don't give a about his furniture. I don't.
But what I cared about was the fact that this guy was really passionate about
his thing. And it was very attractive to me. And I feel the same way.
And I watched this guy, Rick Bayless talk about Mexican cuisine. He loves it.
He takes regular trips to Mexico and learns how to cook these dishes in the
traditional way, and then talks about it with this great passion.
But the guy just got all over. They were just like,
you're culturally appropriating. You shouldn't be doing this.
Man. Let me just say this generally cultural appropriations,
a bunch of horseshit in the region.
It's a bunch of horseshit is because you know what? The best in life,
all the things that are good from every everybody else's culture.
Like the reason people live in major cities is to go to all the different
restaurants from all of the different cultures.
Cultural I'm so confused as to why cultural appropriation is bad.
Cultural appropriation is the greatest that has ever happened to planet earth.
We were all siloed off into our own little cultures.
You know how much things would suck. They're just terrible. So this kind of,
yeah, this kind of stuff is just crazy, but it's nuts.
Look, I grew up teaching TaeKwonDo, which is a Korean martial art.
I learned to count in Korean. I had to speak all the techniques in Korean.
Koreans. It's clearly, I mean, that's clearly the problem.
Culturally appropriate the out of my child. Yeah, exactly.
This is all. This is all crazy. And there's no, there's no apparent end to it.
Like there's no limiting principle.
There's no limit, no limit. I read a column.
This morning by somebody.
I think it was in the Washington post saying that we should just keep changing
the name of everything. Like literally forever.
We should just keep changing the name of everything. She said, you know,
there was this town. And I think I found a non-offensive name for the town.
But if I found something else that was offensive, like three years from now,
we should change the name of the town. Just that. Okay.
So we are living in 1984, right? Your Orwell talked about renaming. Everything.
People will find a way. They'll find a way to be mad.
Here's my, here's my controversial statement. Okay. If you,
my controversial statement is if you have to go this far to find things to be
offended over, there's not that much to be offended over.
If you have to go so far that you have to be offended by trader Jose's,
you got nothing going on in your life.
There's a dramatic demand for being offended and acting like a victim.
And they're just like,
there are actual victims in this country and internationally that are seriously
actual victims, but we don't focus on any of those folks. Right.
We focus instead on like the dumbest bull crap you ever heard about,
about renaming libraries and listen, I'm fine with it. You want to move?
You want to take a Confederate statue and put it museum fine.
And those guys were jerks. They're they're terrible. People fine, go, go for it.
But like you're talking about,
we're going to fix the world by renaming Washington, DC,
because Washington was bad. It's like, what did you do late?
Did you go to Washington then?
Like I understand we don't put up statutes to people for all the bad crap.
They did. Martin Luther king had a real bad record with ladies. Okay.
We don't put up statues to Martin Luther king because we were saying he was
great with, with women. I think everybody was bad with women back then.
Everyone's bad period. Human being suck.
Okay. So either get rid of all the statutes or recognize the human beings,
obviously for sure there are gradations of suck. But.
Remember back when they were tearing down those civil war statues and,
and Trump in all of his wisdoms, like, what are they going to do next?
What about Lincoln? What about a, they're going to take down George Washington.
And everybody's like, oh, he's so crazy. Meanwhile,
that's exactly what they were doing. That was what they were doing.
What I mean in Chicago? Well that actually,
that was actually Christopher Columbus who was legitimately a bad guy.
Yeah. I mean, yes. Yeah. Also everyone was bad.
Like literally all the people were like enslavement, brutal,
brutal treatment of people, fairly commonplace. So do you think.
There's an argument to be said that maybe we shouldn't celebrate those bad
people anymore,
that we know what they are now that we know what they really were.
I think we should just talk about the bad people.
Like I don't think we're the only good people in history. I think.
You should have a statue of Gangas Kahn.
I don't know what a gang has come to you. That was good. That had good results.
Well.
He opened up trade to China. Okay. If you want to.
Put up a trade to try and a statute for Ganga Scouts, the trade Federation,
10% of the population. Yeah. True enough.
And what impregnated the other 10% or something it's.
Literally raped his way through.
The point of a Christopher Columbus statue is not all the bad things he did to
the Arawaks.
The point of a Christopher Columbus statue is we are glad that Western
civilization came to the Western hemisphere.
I kind of agree with that principle. I think it is a good thing.
The Western civilization came to the Western hemisphere and yes,
there was a lot of brutality and yes,
there's a lot of cruelty and we should talk about all those things.
But this notion that the only cruelty that has ever existed in human history
came at the behest of Western civilization,
that everything was a resilient paradise before Christopher Columbus came that
Christopher Columbus doesn't deserve a statue in specific that we should, that,
that like either make the argument that everybody was a product of their time.
And therefore no one deserves a statue or recognize that when there's a statue
of Christopher Columbus,
we are not honoring how he treated the Arawaks no one ever thought that we put
up a statute of Christopher Columbus because he was really sweet to the natives
on the other end of that. Right. That nobody's. So is the purpose.
Of a statue, like when you have a Christopher Columbus statue, like,
what is the purpose of that statue? We not, we all know who he is.
We all know what he did.
Why do we have an enormous bronze version of him in the middle of a park.
Probably to say that Western civilization arriving here was a good thing, right?
Or to have the conversation. I mean, that's, that's.
It's a monument to a historical event. Right?
Right. Or listen, Columbia university is named after Columbus. Right?
The idea of America as Columbia. Right.
Which was an alternative name for America was after Columbus.
Cause he was a discoverer. Well, that's a weird one.
Uh we're we're named after America Vespucci who,
nobody knows who the that guy is. He's been lost in the time. He's totally.
Right. But there is this idea that has settled in that. We,
and it's really of high irritation to me that we are now the only good people
who have ever lived. Everyone who came before us was just a horrible person.
And we are the only good humans who have ever like isn't the world lucky to have
us. We're the only people who've ever lived where completely sinless.
And we can look from our perch at the top of mortality at everyone who came
before us and say that those people were all garbage compared to us. Now,
there were people who were garbage compared to us,
but I really don't think that Washington was among the people who you can say
was garbage compared to you. Like,
I don't think that you living in 1770 are a better person than George
Washington.
I think you stand the top of the legacy that George Washington helped built.